[docs] Document CockroachDB sink target behavior in the JDBC connector page (#7636)
debezium/debezium: documentation/modules/ROOT/pages/operations/debezium-server.adoc

==== JDBC

The JDBC sink writes change events directly to a relational database using JDBC.

> It leverages the xref:connectors/jdbc.adoc[{prodname} JDBC connector] under the hood, supporting a wide variety of database dialects, including CockroachDB, Db2, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SingleStore, and SQL Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It uses the xref:connectors/jdbc.adoc[{prodname} JDBC connector] to support a wide variety of database dialects, including 
ifdef::community[]
CockroachDB,
endif::community[]
 Db2, MySQL, Oracle, PostgreSQL, SingleStore, and SQL Server.
```
This sentence requires a few changes.

* In the list of database dialects, conditionalize the reference to CockroachDB, because it is not supported in the product edition. Although Debezium Server is currently offered as a Developer Preview feature, and the existing product docs redirect to the community edition of the docs, I'd recommend that we make this change to avoid future rework, or the possibility of overlooking this reference, if we later incorporate the DS docs directly into the product docs.
* In technical documentation, avoid using the word _leverage_ as a synonym for _use_, _exploit_, or _take advantage of_. 
* Avoid the idiomatic, informal phrase _under the hood_, because it might not be easily understood by all readers.
